# PrivacyPolicy

"The app" respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, "The app" will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, "The app" will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, "The app" will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. "The app" will update this privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to the Agreement on the Use of the Rolling in the sky, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Service Agreement for The game.

1. Scope of application

a) When you use the "The app" web service, or access the "The app" platform page, "The app" automatically receives and records information on your browser and computer. Including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, date and time of access, hardware and software feature information, and web page records you need;

b) User personal data obtained from business partners by legal line.

You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:

a) Keyword information that you enter when using the search service provided by the Rolling in the sky;

b) The relevant information data that you collected in "The app", including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;

c) Measures taken against you in violation of the law or in violation of the rules of the "The app" 

2. Information use

a) "The app" will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have your permission in advance, or the third party and the "The app" ( The affiliates with “Rolling in the sky” are provided individually or jointly to provide services to you, and at the end of the service, they will be prohibited from accessing all such materials that they have previously been able to access.

b) "The app" does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. If any user of the "The app" platform engages in the above activities, once found, "The app" has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.

3. Information disclosure

Under the following circumstances, "The app" will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or the law:

a) disclose to third parties with your prior consent;

b) in order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;

c) disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or at the request of the administrative or judicial authorities;

d) If you have violated the relevant laws and regulations of country or the service agreement or related rules of "The app", you need to disclose it to a third party;

e) If you are a qualified IP Complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be disclosed to the Respondent at the request of the Complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;

f) In a transaction created on the "The app" platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills its trading obligations and requests for information disclosure, "The app" has the right to decide to the user. Provide necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.

g) Other Disclosure Balls that are considered appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.

4. Information storage and exchange

The information and materials collected by "The app" will be stored on the "The app" and/or the servers of its affiliates. These information and materials may be sent to your country, region or Rolling in the sky collects information and data from outside the country and is accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.

5. Use of cookies

a) If you have not refused to accept cookies, Rolling in the sky will set or retrieve cookies on your computer.

So that you can log in or use the "The app" platform service or feature that relies on cookies. "The app" uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services. b) You have the right to choose to accept or decline to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the "The app" web service or feature that relies on cookies.

c) This policy will apply to the information obtained through the cookies set in "The app".

6. Information security

The game
a) The "The app" account has security protection function. Please keep your username and "The app" password information safe. "The app" will ensure that your information is not lost, not abused or altered, by security measures such as encrypting the user's password. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the information network.
 The game
b) When using the "The app" web service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary.
